Bitch, how dare you play with me
Chenchen, listen to my explanation
You are your mother
I'll kill you.
Wife
Wife, listen to me explain
I didn't expect him to be such a man. How to drink ginger? Mr. Jiang is really shameless
How can you do that?
You left Mr. Jiang, what are you?
You are not like that
Wife, listen to me explain
Explain what?
What's there to explain?
Gu Changfeng divorced
You clean me out
Roll as far as you want
Wife cannot divorce
You can't get a divorce?
Mr. Jiang, sorry?
There's nothing to be sorry about.
If it weren't for you
How can I see the true face of this scum?
Don't you want to sign a contract?
Come to the company tomorrow.
Bad reception tonight
Please forgive me.
The banquet is over
You dare to steal your heart, don't you?
Ah!
Help! Help!
As you wish
I will never meddle in my own business again in this life